java c
Tesla   Case 
MGT 180 – Business Finance 
There   is   perhaps   no firm whose valuation   is debated   more   heavily than Tesla   (ticker: TSLA). The   purpose   of this case   is to   apply your capital   budgeting skills   in   a valuation   of Tesla.Think   of   valuing   a   company   like   a   big   capital   budgeting   exercise. However,   instead   of   forecasting   cash   flows   for   a   single   project,   you   will   be forecasting   cash flows   for   an   entire   company.       Likewise,   instead   of   computing   the   NPV   of   an   individual   project,   you   will   compute   the   NPV   of   the   cash   flows   of   the   entire   company. There   will   be   one   key   difference:   with   projects   we typically   assume they   come to   an   end,   but   with   companies we   don’t. Thus, we   need to   make   an   assumption   about   how   cash flows   in the   company   grow in   the long run. Typically we forecast individual cash flows for 5-10 years and   then make an   assumption   about   how   cash   flows   grow   after   that   (more   details   on   this   below). Here   are   the   steps   for   the Tesla   case:
1.                               Start with the Tesla excel worksheet   I’ve   posted   on   Canvas   (Tesla.xlsx)
2.                               The    spreadsheet gives assumptions about the year-over-year (YOY) growth of revenues    and   related   expenses   for   2024-2031.   These   assumptions   come   from   analyst   reports   and   Tesla   management   forecasts.   Combining   these   sources   gives   a   bumpy   growth forecast   for   the   next   few   years   which   is   why      the   YOY   growth   estimates   do   not follow   a   smooth   pattern   at   first.   Use the   base   case   assumptions   in the   excel sheet to build a forecast of earnings and free cash flows for the years 2024 to 2031. Specifically, start   by forecasting revenues, research and development (RD) and selling general and administrative expense      (SGA)   each year. Then,   using these forecasts,   compute the   associated   “cost   of   revenue”,   research   and   development   (RD),   selling   general   and   administrative   (SGA),   depreciation   and   capital   expenditures. Cost   of   revenue   are   all   costs   of   revenue   not   including   depreciation,   RD   and   SGA,   so   that   Revenue   –    Cost of   Revenue –   RD – SGA =   Earnings   Before   Interest Taxes   Depreciation and Amortization (EBITDA).      Subtract   off   depreciation   to   get   EBIT.       Continue   as   we   did   in   our   capital   budgeting   exercises   until   you   eventually get to   Free Cash   Flow. You can assume a tax   rate   of   21%   and   negligible   changes   in   net   working      capital.    You can also assume   an   opportunity   cost   of capital   of   12%   for   all   the   FCFs.
3.                               Beyond 2031, you will need to make an assumption about Tesla’s long-term growth once it   becomes a   mature company.
•          Start with the free cash flows you forecast for 2031 and assume that they will grow   by 4% to   2032   and continue growing at 4% thereafter.   You can then use the growing perpetuity formula to value   all   the   cash   flows   after   2031.       By   doing   this,   you   will   have   what   is   called   a   “terminal   value”   or   “continuation   value”   for   Tesla   as   of   the   end   of   2031   (one   year   before   the   first   cash   flow   in   the   growing   perpetuity).
4.                               To   avoid   timing   complexities,   we   will   assume   that   it   is   now   the   beginning   of   2024   and   that   the   first   cash flow   (the   2024   FCF)   will   be   generated   exactly   one-year from   now,   at the   end   of   2024.   Discount   all   cash   flows    back   to   the   beginning   of   2024 using   a    12%   cost   of   capital. The sum of   total of   these discounted cash flows is the estimated total enterprise value of   Tesla at the beginning of 2024.    Enterprise   Value =   Equity +   Debt –   (Cash and   Marketable Securities). 
5.                               To   arrive   at the   price   per   (equity)   share, you   must   subtract Tesla’s   debt from   its   enterprise   value   and then add Tesla’s cash and   marketable   securities.
•          Tesla   has $3.099   billion   in debt   and   $22.185   billion   in cash   and   marketable   securities.
•          Tesla   has 3.518   billion shares   outstanding.   Use this   information to   calculate   the   price   per   s代 写MGT 180 – Business FinancePython
代做程序编程语言hare.
6.                               Next,   perform   some   sensitivity   analysis.
•          Use the   Upside   and   Downside   scenarios to   compute   Upside   and   Downside   stock   prices.
•          Using the   base   case,   check   the   sensitivity   of   the   valuation   to   the   assumptions   about   Tesla’s   cost   of revenue.   The sheet assumes that   Tesla will be able to stabilize gross margins at 24%. This would   be   fairly   high   for the   automotive   industry,   where   gross   margins   can   be   as   low   as   10%.   Calculate   Tesla’s   stock   price   if   Cost   of   Revenue   was   78%,   79%,   80%,   and   82%   in   years   2024,   2025, 2026      and 2027, and then 85%   from   2028   onward.
•          Using the   base case,   check the   sensitivity   of   the   valuation   to   the   assumptions   about   Tesla’s   cost   of   RD.    The sheet assumes that eventually Tesla will   be   able to   hold   RD   growth   to   only   8%   per   year. As the space   becomes   more competitive, Tesla   may   have to   keep   RD growth   at   16%   in order to   keep   its   lead. Calculate Tesla's stock   price   if   RD   levels out   at   16% growth   from   2027   onward.
7.                               As of the writing of this   case,   Tesla’s   stock   price   was   $216.
•          Consider what   it would take for   your   forecast   to   produce   a   valuation   that   equates   to   a   $216 stock   price.
•          By   changing your   revenue growth   assumptions,   find   a   set   of   YoY   growth   assumptions   that   would   produce   a   stock   price   of   approximately   $216.      In   other   words,   manually   change   (or   use   the solver   function)   the   YoY   growth   assumptions so that you your valuation   produces a   stock   price   of   $216. 
•          With these   revenue   assumptions   in   place, compute   the   compound   annual   growth   rate   (CAGR)   in      FCF   from   2024   to   2031.    For   example,    if   your   estimate   of   2024    FCF    is   $1,000   and   for   2031    is   $10,000, then you would   use the “   RATE” function   in   Excel: =RATE(7,0,-1000,10000).
8.                               An alternative way to value   a   stock   is   by   use   of   multiples.   NOTE:   There   is   no   reason   to   expect   the   multiples-based valuation to   agree with your   discounted   cash flow   (DCF) valuation.      This   may   be   true   for      a couple of reasons: 1)   It is difficult to find a   reasonable comparison   company,   and   2) Tesla   may command      a   premium valuation   (which   may   be justified or   not).
•          Start   by   valuing   Tesla   based   on   your   2024   projected   EBITDA   and   using   the   Automobile   industry      average   Enterprise   Value/EBITDA   ratio   of   6.9.   This   will   give   you   a   total   company   value   which   would   replace your   NPV of FCF in your share value calculation (you   still   need to   subtract   debt   and   add   cash   and   marketable   securities   before   dividing   by   shares   outstanding   to   get   the   price   per   share).
•          Do   the   same   with   the   average    EV/EBITDA   ratio   for   the    broader   Consumer   Discretionary   sector:   13.4.Overall, what   is your estimate   of what Tesla’s   stock   price   should   be   and   what   range   of   valuations   do   you   think are reasonable? Defend    your conclusion by discussing and referencing      the      outcomes of the   valuations   in   steps   5 to   8. You will   have   arrived   at   a   range   of   prices   and you   will   need   to   take   a   stand   on   how to interpret this range and which prices and assumptions to weigh more   heavily. Your answer should   take    the form. of a memo (maximum 2 single-spaced      pages)    that      references      spreadsheet      exhibits   (the   exhibits   do   not   count   toward   the   2-page   limit).
You   are   supposed   to   explain   the   highlights of your approach, synthesize   what   you found,   draw   a   conclusion, and   defend   it.This is a group case with a maximum number of five people   per group.    Submission is   electronic via Canvas   with   one   submission   per   group. Submissions   MUST   also   include   your   Excel   file   ending   in   .xlsx.       Please   make   sure   your   Excel   file   is   not   corrupted   before   submitting,   and   please   list   the   name   of   each   group   member   in your submission.




         
加QQ：99515681  WX：codinghelp
